>> Brian Holt: So what I wanted to show
you are all the different ways you can do
incrementing a number by 1.
So friendsAtYourParty += 1.
This is saying add 1 to
friendsAtYourParty and reassign it.
As you might imagine, you could
put 5 here and it would add 5 and
reassign that, right?
So that would be the same as this.
>> Brian Holt: Line 4 and line 5 are doing
exactly the same thing right now.
>> Brian Holt: And
this works with all of the operators.
You can do -=, it'll subtract 5 from it,
you can do *=.
And the way you do times in
JavaScript is with the star.
And /=, which is division.
I don't if you ever seen anyone use /=,
but it's there.
There's also friendsAtYourParty++,
like C++,
right, we've heard of that.
That's because it's 1 better than C,
that's joke, right?
>> Brian Holt: Computer scientists
have bad sense of humor.
So this will take friendsAtYourParty and
increment it by 1.
You can also do ++friendsAtYourParty,
that also works.
>> Brian Holt: So I'll put this back to 1.
All of these do exactly the same thing.
Adds 1, adds 1, adds 1.
>> Brian Holt: Now I will say that in
JavaScript, I don't see anyone do ++ and
then the name of the variable.
This is just,
>> Brian Holt: No one ever
does it this way.
You can, but people don't.
People always do ++ on the end, postfix.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, reason why I show
this is cuz the next example is going to
use this.